[DOC] Running libcudf benchmarks and comparing output results (#18548)
rapidsai/cudf: cpp/doxygen/developer_guide/BENCHMARKING.md

sets larger than this point is generally not helpful, except in specific cases where doing so
exercises different code and can therefore uncover regressions that smaller benchmarks will not
(this should be rare).

## Running and Comparing NVBench Benchmarks in libcudf

### Running Benchmarks

> NVBench executables are built under the `cpp/build/latest/benchmarks` directory. Each benchmark is compiled

Reviewer: Do we need to mention that benchmarks are not built by default unless enabled via `BUILD_BENCHMARKS=ON` CMake arg?

Author: Done in https://github.com/rapidsai/cudf/pull/18548/commits/be01b10d075cca712c9b69ca5f79fe8e851864e5

sets larger than this point is generally not helpful, except in specific cases where doing so
exercises different code and can therefore uncover regressions that smaller benchmarks will not
(this should be rare).

## Running and Comparing NVBench Benchmarks in libcudf

### Running Benchmarks

> By default, benchmarks are **not** built as part of the libcudf build process. To enable them, pass the following flag to CMake:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, benchmarks are **not** built as part of the libcudf build process. To enable them, pass the `BUILD_BENCHMARKS=ON` flag to CMake such as:
```

```bash
cmake -DBUILD_BENCHMARKS=ON /path/to/cpp/build/latest/
```
This will build the NVBench benchmark executables under the `cpp/build/latest/benchmarks`
directory. Each benchmark is compiled into its own binary with a `_NVBENCH` suffix.

To list available benchmarks:

```bash
ls cpp/build/latest/benchmarks/*_NVBENCH
```

> To view benchmark options:
> 
> ```bash
> ./cpp/build/latest/benchmarks/RESHAPE_NVBENCH --help
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To view benchmark options, use `--help` argument such as:

```bash
./cpp/build/latest/benchmarks/RESHAPE_NVBENCH --help
```
```

Reviewer: Or this one works too

```suggestion
To view benchmark options:

```bash
./cpp/build/latest/benchmarks/<NAME>_NVBENCH --help
```
```
